Bipasana Poudel
Homework 2

1. Define structural vs semantic meaning in regard to HTML elements.
==> Structural refers to the overall organization and layout of the HTML document.
    It includes elements like <html>, <head>, and <body>, which define the basic structure of the document.
    While, Sematic is intended to convey meaning with that element type, even if it is indistinguishable from other element visually.

2. Why is it important to use correct html elements when designing web pages?
==> It is important to use correct html elements when designing web pages because it helps search engines easily crawl and index a site, improving its chances of showing up in relevant search results.

3. What are forms in html? What is their purpose? When would you use one?
==> Html form elements collects information to send somewhere else. 
    We use this when typing into a text field or providing an input, the field is a form.

4. Define and contrast inline vs block elements.
==> Block elements  will always appear to start on a new line in the browser window.
    Inline elements will always appear to continue on the same line as their neighbouring elements. Inline elements sit within a block level element and do not start on a new line.

5. Create a new HTML web page for a fictitious store and include:
a. some text elements: h1, h2, paragraphs, etc
b. a list with multiple list items
c. links
i. link to a second html page, checkout.html, relatively
ii. link to an external webpage
d. images
i. from the webpages directory via a relative source link
ii. from an external link
e. a table
i. at least two columns, two rows, headers, and some content
f. a form
i. 2 inputs of any kind, with labels
g. some divs, spans
i. content on its own line via a div
ii. 2 pieces of content grouped together via spans

Try to design it in a way so that customers will be able to quickly find what they are looking for.

Board Game Paradise

Description: A haven for board game enthusiasts, this store offers a diverse selection of tabletop games, puzzles, and strategy games. 
It could also host game nights, tournaments, and provide a communal gaming space.

Search Bar to search for board games
Different board games with prices
Link to original site of the board game